Viene un(a) estudiante de tu país escogido para vivir contigo y estudiar en tu escuela. Él o ella va a llegar en enero y va a vivir con tú y tu familia por el semestre (hasta el fin de mayo).

 

Por este proyecto vas a dar ayuda al amigo nuevo. 

 

Primer paso 

Escribe una descripción de tu amigo nuevo.

¿Cómo se llama?

¿De dónde es? ¿Dónde vive?

Describe un poco…

¿qué le gusta?

¿qué no le gusta?

¿cómo es su familia?

¿cómo es su hogar - casa/apartamento?

etc.

 

Segundo paso 

Manda un mensaje video o de voz para explicar que debe llevar por su tiempo en Colorado. Incluye descripción de ropa que va a necesitar. 

Lo menos dos ropas utilices para la escuela

Ropa para hacer las cosas que le interesa.

La ropa exterior para el tiempo

 

Tercer paso 

Escribe un mensaje de correo o una carta a tu amigo nuevo con más descripción. 

Descripción de ropa que va a necesitar. 

Dos ropas utilices para la escuela

Ropa para hacer las cosas que le interesa.

La ropa exterior para el tiempo

Explica por qué necesita esta ropa.

Incluye lo menos

Dos frases de negación

Dos pronombres directos de objetos

Dos oraciones en el pretérito (tal vez para explicar cuándo tú necesitaste la ropa que describe)


A student from your chosen country comes to live with you and study at your school. He or she will arrive in January and will live with you and your family for the semester (until the end of May).

 

For this project you will give help to the new friend.

 

First step

Write a description of your new friend.

What is your name?

Where it is? Where do you live?

Describe a little ...

what do you like?

He does not like?

How is your family?

How is your home - house / apartment?

etc.

 

Second step

Send a video or voice message to explain what you should do for your time in Colorado. Includes description of clothes you will need.

At least two clothes you use for school

Clothes to do the things that interest you.

Outerwear for time

 

Third step

Write an email message or a letter to your new friend with more description.

Description of clothes you will need.

Two clothes you use for school

Clothes to do the things that interest you.

Outerwear for time

Explain why you need these clothes.

Includes the least

Two phrases of denial

Two direct object pronouns

Two sentences in the past tense (maybe to explain when you needed the clothes you describe)
